# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 52ms
  [gap of 12ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 65ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 43ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 45ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    [gap of 68ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 79ms
  [gap of 14ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 93ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    [gap of 83ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 93ms
  [gap of 19ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 113ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 12ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 13ms
    [gap of 36ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 61ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 64ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 67ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 70ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 53ms
  [gap of 13ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 67ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 47ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 49ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 64ms
  [gap of 41ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 106ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 59ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 62ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 19ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 12ms
    [gap of 54ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 85ms
  [gap of 31ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 117ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 21ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 14ms
    create-X86-model 10ms
    create-module-model 10ms
    [gap of 31ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 94ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 97ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 70ms
  [gap of 22ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 93ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 79ms
  [gap of 11ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 90ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 22ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    [gap of 18ms]
    create-module-model 11ms
    [gap of 16ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 11ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 97ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 99ms

